Weapon Enchantments adds
     -Item customization
     -Progression system

Terraria has you frequently swapping old gear for new.
The enchanting system allows you to keep your progress as you upgrade gear.

Basics:
    Experience:
        -All weapons/armor/accessories gain experience when used to kill enemies. (Items have xp, not players)
        -Items have a level based on their xp. (Not visible if xp is 0)
    Enchantments:
        -Found in chests or dropped by enemies.
        -Added to items in an Enchanting Table.
        -Enchantments have a level cost
            Ex. A level 4 weapon can apply 2 Basic Damage Enchantments (cost 2 points each).
        -Require a larger Containment to upgrade an Enchantment.
    Essence:
        -Resource for upgrading Enchantments or consumed to add xp to items in an Enchanting Table.
    Enchanting Table:
        -Used to apply Enchantments to items.
        -Used to consume Essence to add xp to items.
        -Can PERMENANTLY consume items in exchange for Essence and ores(mix of iron/silver/gold).

First 5 minutes:
     -Make a Wood Enchanting Table. (workbench and 4 torches)
     -Fill your armor/accessory slots ASAP. (All equipped armor/accessories gains xp while equipped, so slap on your shackle and wood armor)

Tips:
    -DONT SELL weapons/armor/accessories. Offer them instead.  
        The value from ore recieved is slightly higher than an item's sell value and you get Essence equivalent to the item's xp. 
        Offering items returns all Enchantments/Power Booster applied to the consumed item.
    -Carrying an Enchanting Table with you to convert unwanted items is a good way to save inventory space.
    -Make a gem tree farm (especially for diamond/amber).  They are in crafting high tier Containments.





Extra information:
    Where do I get the good Enchantments?
        Unique Enchantments are obtained from chests/bosses.
        Pre-Hardmode bosses drop general Enchantments usable on all items.
        Post-Hardmode bosses drop more specialized Enchantments.
    Creating/Upgrading Enchantments
        Containments:
            Containments are used to hold Enchantments.  Higher power Enchantments require larger Containments.

            Containment(smallest one):
                Used to create tier 0 Enchantments (only Damage or Armor)
                Ingredients - 4 Silver/Tungsten Bars, 1 Glass
            Medium Containment:
                Used to upgrade an Enchantment from tier 0 to tier 1.
                Ingredients - 8 Gold/Platinum Bars, 4 Glass
            Superior Containment:
                Used to upgrade an Enchantment to tier 2, 3 or 4.
                Ingredients - 16 Demonite/Crimtane Bars, 4 common gems (any except diamond/amber)

        Enchantment Crafting Ingredients:
            tier 0 (Basic): 
                Only Basic Damage and Armor Enchantments can be directly crafted.  
                Ingredients - 10 Basic Essence, Containment(the smallest one) (tier 0, Wood enchanting table or better)
            tier 1 (Medium):
                Ingredients - 10 Medium Essence, Medium Containment, tier 0 Enchantment (tier 1, Dusty enchanting table or better)
            tier 2 (Rare):
                Ingredients - 10 Rare Essence, Superior Containment, tier 1 Enchantment (tier 2, Hellish enchanting table or better)
            tier 3 (Super Rare):
                Ingredients - 10 Super Rare Essence, tier 2 Enchantmentl, 2 common gems(any except diamond/amber) (tier 3, Soul enchanting table or better)
            tier 4 (Ultra Rare):
                Ingredients - 10 Ultra Rare Essence, tier 3 Enchantment, 1 rare gem (diamond/amber) (tier 4, Ultimate enchanting table or better)

            (Tiers can be skipped if you have all of the items required to reach the final product)
                (Ex. Make tier 2 Life Steal Enchantment from tier 0 Life Steal Enchantment, 10 Medium Essence, 10 Rare Essence, Superior Containment)
                
            Note - Some Enchantments only have tier 4 versions

    Essence:
        WARNING - crafting Essence into a different tier is more efficient the higher tier Enchanting Table you use. (100% at tier 4)

    Enchanting Tables:
        WARNING - Offering items in an Enchanting Table is more efficient the higher tier Enchanting Table you use. (100% at tier 4)
            (The same ammount of ore will be received regardless of Enchanting Table tier.)

        tier 0 (Wood):
            Ingredients - workbench, 4 torches
            60% of item experience converted to Essence when offering items.
        tier 1 (Dusty):
            Ingredients - tier 0 Enchanting Table, 10 desert fossil or 1 sturdy fossil. (Used to be Fossil Helmet until I realized that's way too expensive early game)
                (TIP - Found in the desert, look for amber while you're there)
            70% of item experience converted to Essence when offering items.
        tier 2 (Hellish):
            Ingredients - tier 1 Enchanting Table, obsidian skull
            80% of item experience converted to Essence when offering items.
        tier 3 (Soul):
            Ingredients - tier 2 Enchanting Table, 2 souls of light/night
            90% of item experience converted to Essence when offering items.
        tier 4 (Ultimate):
            Ingredients - tier 3 Enchanting Table, 2 hallowed bars
            100% of item experience converted to Essence when offering items.

        Syphon - Allows you to convert experience from a weapon that is level 40 into essence (Does not consume the weapon.  Only converts excess experience to essence.)
        
        Infusion:
            Weapon Infusion - Allows you to consume high rarity items to upgrade the damage of low rarity weapons.  Example, if you like Veilthorn more than your newer/stronger
                   weapon, just infuse the new weapon into Veilthorn to upgrade it's damage instead of switching.  The damage bonus is based on the difference in
                   rarity and value between the 2 items.  Terraria has 10 rarities of vanilla weapons, so I based the system off of those.  (modded items can be rarity
                   11 which will cause their Infusion Power to be the same as the max value rarity 10 items (1100).  

                Infusion Power - A weapon stat that is determined by an item's rarity and value.  100 Infusion Power per rarity (rarity x100).  Additionally, the item's rarity
                    will give up to 100 extra infusion power based on the value of the item compared to the average value of items in that rarity.  
                    (Example: items of rarity 0 have an average value of about 3000 copper (30 silver).  The lowest value item is worth 100 copper.  This 100
                    copper item would have an infusion power of 0.  A rarity 0 item worth the average value (~30 silver) would have an infusion power of 50.  
                    The max value rarity 0 item would have 100 infusion power.  The min, max and average values are calculated based only on vanilla items.
                    Modded items that are above or below the min/max values will be counted as the min/max value for the infusion power calculation.  
                    Currently, the highest Infusion Power possible for weapons is from Meowmere (1100) because it is rarity 10 and has the highest item value 
                    of rarity 10 weapons.

                How to Infuse - 
                    Place the higher Infusion Power item into the enchanting table (this item will be destroyed)
                    Click Infusion (If you change your mind, you can get the item back by pressing Cancel - Same button as Infusion)
                    Place the lower Infusion Power item into the enchanting table
                    Click Finalize (Same button as Infusion/Cancel)
                    Note - The consumed item is Offered just like with the Offer button.  The only difference is you will not get ore, but you will get all of the
                        enchantments/experience as essence/power booster back.

            Armor Infusion - Allows you to consume a piece of armor and replace the set bonus of an item with one from another.  
                    The piece of armor will act like the consumed one for the purposes of determining set bonuses.
                    The piece of armor will also look like the consumed one while equiped.

                How to Infuse - 
                    Place the armor with the set bonus you want to transfer into the enchanting tabel (this item will be destroyed)
                    Click Infusion (If you change your mind, you can get the item back by pressing Cancel - Same button as Infusion)
                    Place the armor you want to keep into the enchanting table (It will have it's set bonus replaced with the previous item's)
                    Click Finalize (Same button as Infusion/Cancel)
                    Note - The consumed item is Offered just like with the Offer button.  The only difference is you will not get ore, but you will get all of the
                        enchantments/experience as essence/power booster back.
Please give me your feedback!!!!!!
https://discord.gg/mPywEhyV9b
https://forums.terraria.org/index.php?threads/weapon-enchantments.112509/
https://github.com/andro951/WeaponEnchantments/blob/master/Wiki.txt

Contributors:
Sprites made by Zorutan: https://twitter.com/ZorutanMesuta